Java - This is the closest programming language to C#. The syntax is very similar to C#, 
it is also a strongly typed object-oriented language. Just like C# it runs on a virtual
runtime environment. That's why just like C# it is not appropriate for heavy 3D computer games.
Java is used mostly for huge web projects that run on very powerful machines.
Some of the differences with C# include that there are no properties in Java, but instead
you need to define get and set methods. Also the generic types in Java are *u**ed up, where in 
comparison in C# they work perfectly. Unlike C#, Java is open-source and there are different
Frameworks based on Java. For example Java for web is different from Java for Android.

PHP - Maybe the most popular programming language nowadays. Also open-source, with different frameworks based on it.
Easy to learn, and easy to write bad code with it.
It is dynamic, which means there are no explicit data types like in C#. This can cause many
hard to find bugs. Also it is more difficult to encapsulate your classes, in PHP the developers
using your class can add new public properties at runtime. The syntax is different from the C based languages
like C# and Java. PHP is great for small projects, because it is much easier to build a small website on it, compared to C#.
Also the PHP servers are free. 

C++ - It is the predecessor of C# and Java. It is one of the first object-oriented languages, but unlike
C# and Java with C++ the programmer directly controls the computer memory. This gives a lot of power and
control, but also makes in much more difficult to produce safe and high-quality software. In C++ the
developer needs to manually dispose any variable and object no-longer in use by using destructors.
But because C++ doesn't have virtual machine, the programs written in C++ work faster on the user PC.
That's why C++ is the most common language for developing PC games.

JavaScript - This the only modern language in the world that can run on every electronic device, no matter MAC, PC
or Linux based. All you need to run JavaScript is a web browser. A very powerful language, but hard to learn and master.
There are a lot of mistakes in the language, but cannot be fixed easily because nowadays almost everybody has some JavaScript
in his application. It is a dynamic language like PHP. It is mostly used for creating UI in the web pages, but recently a server 
JavaScipt based technology was created - NodeJS. It allows the developer the write object-oriented JavaScript and create an 
end-to-end fully functional application only with HTML, CSS and JavaScript.

Objective-C - The first object-oriented descendant of C. Very hard to learn and use, much harder even by C++. It is used
for iOS development. This is the reason why the iOS developers are one of the best-paid in the job market. Recently a new
programming language was created - Swift, with the intention to replace Objective-C.

There are other languages like Ruby, Python, TypeScript that are less common, but also used by a lot of developers.